I remember when we use to chill in the yard, always had each others back. Now these days are
feeling hard. Trying to move on share myself with someone else - the things we use to do,
now I'm sitting here missing you. Always getting on the piss while I sit and reminisce.
I know we both had our strife - god I understand your life.
I know you lost your grandad from young - I understand that's hard - I know you lost a lover
cause he was doing bad - I know that feeling, I know you are feeling sad.
I'm still here for you on that day - trust me I'll be there my bae.
Believe me I know your pain.
Shit when that shit goes up my nose it takes all the pain away, it saves it for another day.

All these god damn mistakes - remember the time we made that giant cookie cake? haha I know I raised
the stakes not going out becoming moody by the day - shit now I lost you I guess that's
how I gotta pay.
Money use to mean the world to me then you came along - god did you make me strong,
we would go all night - party till the break of dawn, you made me so maybe,
that's why I am like this. I know I took the piss became too confident and a cocky little prick,
if I could take that back - I wouldn't.
You see lifes a lesson I hope you'll understand the stuff I did, I did it in the heat of the moment.
lifes a lesson that scars. remember when I crashed that car?
You never screamed - god did I get a chance at a dream girl - cause that's what you are.

Man did I take the piss - sitting here on the piss, missing you at this table reminiscing all night
long. Can't sleep god it hurts - even trying to count sheep - nothing works- up till 4,
heading out of my front door, tryna get back on my grind but I can't get you out my mind.

I hope you'll understand - I'm still here I'm still your man, those feelings for you wont change.
They say you have one person you'll always be down for and your mine - my first love,
I ain't got no problem doing time.

You said you'll be mine and I yours, I'll fix it with your parents.
See let me break it down - god did I act a clown
I'm sorry claire, I'm sorry Jon, but believe me I'm trying to be strong -
I'm trying to stop I'm trying to change - even if it sounds strange.

Suicidal thoughts still in my brain fuck it's driving me insane,
losing hope gaining fear - who's this demon that's whispering inside my ear?
This aint me - I'll hope you see, remember back to how I was.

Just understand - I'm still here I'm still your man, now go have fun - please be happy.
Don't worry about me - I'll find my way, still gonna get you a ring one day - whether that's
a ring for your left hand or a ring for your right. I'll make sure it's the biggest one that'll shine all night.
Now I'm sitting here missing you - on the piss while I sit here and reminisce - just trying to
pickup the pieces of myself shattering, I'm starting to regain control of everything I lost.

Now dear - go have fun, even go and party all night long. I'll sort myself, I'll sort this out.
I'll make sure, I'm still here - you are my best friend, my other half and always will be my dear.
No matter if I'm with someone else, I'm still there for you swear on my life.

Now go have fun - go as long as your happy my darling.
